chore(vercel): change the default node version to 22. (#14077)
withastro/astro: .changeset/brave-wombats-jam.md

---
'@astrojs/vercel': patch
---

> Change the default node version of vercel functions to 22.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Changex the default Node.js version of Vercel functions to 22.
```
